Evening family.
Thank you for joining me today.
We're going to pray.
We have work to do, as everybody can see on the news.
As I've been praying over all this today—I made those two videos for you yesterday—I had a dream last night.
The Lord visited me.
It was actually an encounter I've never had before, but it shook me a little bit because it was instruction and correction from one of my prayer generals.
It was amazing, and I'm not going to get into it until I understand it all, but I was visited by somebody and the Lord spoke to me in a dream through this individual; it was correction regarding some things.
I know that probably won't make sense to some of you because this is like spiritual algebra, but I'm going to go a different direction tonight with some of the things the Lord has instructed me to do.
I thought this was Carmex for your lips.
I sat here and thought, 'What kind of new lip balm is this?
' So I'm putting it on my lips and my son said, 'Dad, that's glue.
' I said, 'Oh, glue stick.
Duh.
' I had to wipe my face off real quick because it was stinging.
Regarding the encounter, I don't want to talk about that.
I'm just going to give you some scripture that I've been meditating on: Psalm 29:11.
'The Lord will give strength unto his people; the Lord will bless his people with peace.
' Right now, I believe that scripture stands really strong for me.
The Lord will give his people peace and strength.
Right now, we need strength and peace.
But I know what the Lord is instructing me because I asked, 'What do you want me to say tonight?
' He said, 'Remind them: don't pray the news.
' If you're praying the news, you're behind.
Everything that we have seen over the last year and a half led up to this point.
We've been praying over this for weeks—what the Holy Spirit warned us about concerning drones, missile attacks, and Tel Aviv—and yesterday, what the Lord showed us about Taiwan.
We're praying into the future.
We don't pray into the past and the present; we're praying into the future and what God has for us weeks from now.
So, we're not going to camp around what the news is telling us.
Regarding Ayatollah Khamenei, I rejoice that a dictator, an evil man, is no longer in power.
I pray he found Jesus in the last seconds of his life.
If he didn't, he's in hell.
We know that God had His hand in this to remove evil men from torturing Christians and the underground church.
Great persecution was coming on the church of Iran over the last few decades, and we know what the Lord showed us prior to this: the Lord said, 'I want to bring a great revival to the people of Iran.
' In doing so, there will be a regime change.
There's going to be a shaking in Iran, Pakistan, Afghanistan, and all of the Arab nations.
Here we are, seeing this.
Why?
Because the Lord said, 'Brandon, you're not waiting on me to come back; I'm waiting on you.
Bring in my harvest and I'll come and get you.
' The harvest is plentiful and the laborers are few.
What we're about to see is the superhighway above us with translations.
If you are walking with the Father, you're going to be here and you're going to be there, and we're going to be ministering to people because He said there's been a door that's been closed to the body of Christ for so long.
In the days ahead, I'm going to open this door and it's going to flood wide the gates.
You're going to see one of the greatest harvests of souls throughout South America—Cuba, Colombia, and Costa Rica—all of it.
I saw a major harvest of souls through Brazil.
I'm telling you, ladies and gentlemen, after this is over, Cuba is next.
It could happen at the same time.
This is what we were praying into over the last 48 hours.
We're praying for the leadership of Cuba to change.
We're praying for Claudia to be removed, for a new leader who looks like Antonio Banderas—a great, conservative leader—to rise up in Mexico, and for the drug cartel to be dealt with.
I saw three more leaders being taken out in the days ahead, and mercenary groups coming in, hired by family members to come and find their children who are being trafficked.
I saw a young girl last night who was blonde-headed, and the Lord said, 'Pray for this young girl.
' I saw corrupt law enforcement involved in this and all kinds of things.
If you go back and watch that video, that was a very detailed vision of what we're going to be praying.
It felt like, 'Lord, why are you not concerned about what's going on right now?
' No, you've already prayed over that.
That's old news.
That's going to be at the bottom of the birdcage in the next couple of days.
The bird's going to use that as toilet paper.
You don't want to be praying toilet paper; you want to be praying what I'm calling you to, way ahead in advance.
That's why if you're following the Spirit of God, those that are the sons of God are led by the Spirit of God.
I believe that's where we are as the body of Christ.
We're playing whack-a-mole.
We know where the mole is coming from and we hit it with that stick right before he sticks his head out.
The Lord is telling us right now to pray over this revival concerning our churches.
He has Easter on our hearts to pray over the 250-year anniversary.
We're praying against anti-Semitism.
He's warned us about that spreading throughout the nation, Australia, and the world—great persecution against the Jewish people for what's happening today.
I saw great protests and anti-Semitism making it very hard for Jewish people to live in communities around the United States and the world.
As this happened, I saw them being uprooted and taken back to Israel.
The Lord said, 'This is biblical.
' So, we're not worried about what we see on the news right now.
Why?
Because the Lord will give strength unto His people and bless them with peace.
We're at peace; we're not upset because we know what's coming before it comes.
The true watchmen are warning you.
If you're following false prophets, they don't know; they're giving you some sugarcoated word and everything's going to be okay.
I'm not here to tell you everything's going to be okay.
I'm telling you it's time for the church to get a backbone like a crowbar and take dominion and authority, or you're going to be in trouble.
The Lord said great dark days are upon the world, but behold, it's time for the church to arise and shine, for the light has come and the glory of the Lord is risen on us, church.
But it's going to take people rising up and being who they're supposed to be in these last days and saying, "Thus far, Satan, and no further.
You're not going to mess with me.
You're not going to mess with my children.
You're not going to mess with my finances.
You're going to let go of it in the name of Jesus.
We have dominion and authority over you.
I'm seated with him in the heavenlies far above all principalities and powers.
" I talked to Sister Billy today on the phone.
I sure love my spiritual mama.
When you talk to the elders, I always bounce things off of them to see where they are, where the pulse is, and everything.
And she said, "Brandon, did you not know?
" Let me see her text.
She texted me this after.
I didn't read over this very well, so please don't butcher me for reading badly.
She said, "This is Shabbat.
The weekly portion read in the synagogues was from Deuteronomy 25:17-19.
" She was talking about where we are in these end times and how significant the Ayatollah Khamenei being removed at this exact day going into the third with the blood moon on this time frame.
Folks, do you realize how close Jesus is to coming back?
That's why I try to teach you, and I would love to have her on one day so she could teach you all about the Greek, the Hebrew, and all that, because she is an expert at it, and going over Haman and how he was dealt with.
I look at the type and shadow, the mirror of where we are.
What happened today is a mirror of what happened in the Bible.
It's amazing.
I just go, "Oh, what a plan.
Oh, what a planner.
" And I just go, the only one that could do this is the hand of the Lord.
This isn't just normal.
We are living in the last of the last days.
I encourage you, if you're upset inside today and you're fearful of all the things that I'm seeing, and I live in this area and people are freaked out, the Lord said the Lord will give strength unto his people.
This is Psalms 29:11.
The Lord will give strength unto his people.
The Lord will bless his people with peace.
I believe with all my heart that we are a people that walks in peace and we're not going to be tormented by fear of what we see on the news.
I'm not ever trying to scare you; I'm trying to prepare you.
I'm trying to warn you of what I see coming as a watchman to tell you this is the darkness of the hour.
It's going to get dark, and it's going to get really light in the church, but it's going to take you knowing who you are.
If you don't know Psalms 91 and Psalms 23, the Lord said you're in trouble.
You need to understand, not just read it once.
I'm talking about being rooted and grounded in the word of God, having that foundation of a rhema word inside of you, knowing who you are in these last days.
Knowing that no weapon formed against you is going to prosper.
I don't care if a thousand of those rockets are flying by my head and 10,000 on my right hand.
Nothing shall come near me.
Why?
Because he keeps his angels and gives his angels charge over me to bear me up in their hands lest I dash my foot against a stone.
I believe every one of us all around the world is about to see things we never thought we would see.
A lot of people didn't want to see it, but we're seeing it, and a great shaking to awaken even in America, the Lord said, will come in the days ahead, and the church will wake up out of their slumber.
So, are we afraid?
No, we're not afraid.
We have peace.
The Lord will bless his people with peace.
I stay in that peace that passes all understanding because my mind is stayed on him because I trust in him.
Why?
Because he has my life.
Well, what happens, Brandon, if something takes you out and you go home early?
To be absent from the body is to be present with the Lord.
I still win.
The moment I take my last breath on this earth, I'm going to be with my maker.
I'm going to be standing before a holy God and I'm going to say, "Thank you, Father.
" And just like Kathryn Kuhlman said all the time, "Lord, I don't have to tell him I love him.
Oh, I loved you, Lord.
Why do I have to tell him?
Because I showed him every day by what I did that I loved him.
" What we do right now is a display of our love.
I don't have to tell you that I love my father.
I'm showing you right now.
I'm telling you that Jesus Christ is coming.
It's time to get your heart right.
You need to repent.
You're running out of time.
If you're living in compromise, if you're living in sin, if you're sleeping around, if you're drinking, you're partying, you're acting like the world, and there's no difference between you and the church, you need to repent.
You need to come underneath a holy God and say, "God, I'm a sinner, and I need a savior, and I repent of my sins.
Today is my day, and I turn from it.
" You're running out of time.
There's many people that went home today that didn't think they were going home.
You need to be at the right place at the right time heeding your Father's instructions, for those that are led by the Spirit of God are the sons of God.
I will be led by the Spirit of God because I'm his son and you're his daughter and you're his son.
I just want to encourage you, don't get weary in well-doing as we see all this going on.
As the day approaches, fearful sights we will see that will bring a lot of people to their knees.
My knees are already bent.
Why?
Because I'm looking at him.
I'm staying vertical.
You must stay vertical in the days ahead.
You must keep a vertical eye.
I'm not going horizontal like my friend Billy always says.
Billy B, I go vertical.
Go vertical with him.
You must find him.
Not just know about him.
You must have intimate relationship with the Father in the days ahead.
Keep your eyes on Jesus for we have entered into even darker days.
I told people of authority today about what I saw concerning Cuba, what I saw concerning the smuggling in these certain towns on the border.
In relaying this, I believe they have information enough that we will hear it in the news one day.
Why?
Because we trust.
We don't have to be stirred up on social media.
I trust, I'm going vertical.
You've got this, Father.
You didn't reveal this to me by your hand and by your spirit for me to be like a chicken with my head cut off.
I keep peace.
Why?
Because he said it in his word right here.
Psalms 29:11.
The Lord will give strength unto his people.
I have strength because he's inside of me.
I've went vertical.
The Lord will bless his people with peace.
I will receive peace from you, Father.
I'm not stirred up by all this on the news.
So, we're not going to pray the news tonight.
All that being said, I'm not praying the news.
I'm praying this heart.
But first, you have to silence yourself in your flesh and all the, "Oh, what are we going to do?
" No, I'm not worried about doing anything.
I'm trusting confidently in you and I'm staying vertical that you've got me and you'll show me that which is to come.
The Holy Spirit already said he will teach us and show us that which is to come.
Why?
Because we trust in you, Lord.
We're trusting in you.
You're going to show us that which is to come.
So, we take communion and we sit here and we take the care out of our prayer.
We're careful for nothing.
Bring that scripture up, son.
'Careful for nothing.
With thanksgiving, let your requests be made known unto God with thanksgiving.
' So, we're just going to thank him.
We're just going to take the time right now to give God some praise for a little bit.
And we're going to take the care out of our prayer.
You got it?
I don't know why my keyboard's not working.
Your keyboard's not working?
Well, it's time to buy a new keyboard.
'Be anxious for nothing.
' Here it is.
Philippians 4:6.
'Be anxious for nothing.
' That's where we are, church.
We're going to be anxious for nothing, but in everything by prayer and supplication with thanksgiving, let your requests be made known unto God.
And the peace—again, there's that peace—and the peace of God which surpasseth all understanding will guard your hearts and minds through Christ Jesus.
But first, we've got to get in that place of thanksgiving.
So, what are we going to thank him for?
Thank you, Father, for protecting our troops so far.
I don't know of any casualties of any servicemen or women on our boats.
There are no drone attacks.
We give you praise and thanksgiving that there's not been any attack on American soil today.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that tomorrow as our churches gather and we have our services, every church service is protected by the blood of Jesus.
Every plan, every plot of the enemy is found out in the name of Jesus.
Father, we thank you.
We give you praise, Father, that we're able to have prayer tonight.
Thank you, Lord, that we have our bills paid, that the internet's paid, that this thing works, the camera phone works.
Lord, thank you for my camera phone, for the iPhone that you provided.
Thank you, Lord, that you took care of us, Father, and that we're able to do this live broadcast and pray as a family together.
We give you all glory.
Put that scripture back.
We give you all glory, honor, and praise, Father, for everything because we're not going to be anxious for nothing.
We're not going to have anxiety about nothing.
But in everything by prayer and supplication with thanksgiving, we're letting our requests be made known unto God.
And the peace of God which surpasses understanding will guard your heart and mind through Christ Jesus.
Finally, brethren, whatever things are true, whatever things are noble, whatever things are just, whatever things are pure, whatever things are lovely, whatever things are of a good report, if there be any virtue, if there be anything praiseworthy, meditate on these things.
We're going to meditate on those things tonight.
And so, we just give our praise to you, Father.
Father, I know you have our lives in your hand and we trust you.
We're not going to have anxiety about what we're seeing.
'What are they going to do in America?
' Nothing.
We're not going to allow them to.
We're the blood-bought church, the redeemed.
We take our authority tonight.
And we give you praise, Father, for protecting our pastors.
You protect our pastors.
You're giving them a fresh new word.
You're stirring them and waking them up tonight.
They're going to re-preach righteousness and truth.
They're going to preach repentance for the coming of the Lord is at hand.
And it's time for the church to get a backbone like a crowbar.
And Father, I thank you, Lord, that you start with our church.
You search me and know me, Lord.
For the eyes of the Lord run to and fro throughout the whole earth, looking for a heart who's perfect toward him.
Let your eyes rest upon my family tonight, Lord.
Thank you, Lord, that peace, and the peace of God which surpasses all understanding will guard your hearts and minds through Christ Jesus.
It's going to guard my mind.
Why?
Because 2 Timothy 1:7 says that God has not given me a spirit of fear, but of power and of love and of a well-balanced mind.
I have a balanced mind.
And that peace that passes all understanding, it's guarding my heart, it's guarding my mind because I'm staying vertical.
I'm not going horizontal.
'What's going on the news?
Oh no, look at X is going nuts.
Look at all this stuff.
' No, I'm going vertical, and the peace that passes our understanding.
You have to make a choice right now because of what we're about to see with volcanoes, shakings, and earthquakes, with manipulated weather modification and all the things with wars and weapons that we've never seen before.
You have to make a choice right now to stay in that place of peace and thanksgiving regardless of what you see on the news.
I'm not moved by what I see.
I'm not moved by what I feel.
I'm moved by what the word of God says.
And he said he's never seen the righteous forsaken nor a seed begging bread.
He'll provide for me even if the economy crashes tomorrow.
He said he'll provide for me.
I'm never going to lack any good thing.
My God shall supply all my needs according to his riches and glory by Christ Jesus.
Either you believe it or you don't.
He's a healer.
'Well, there's a plague, Brandon.
Did you know there's a plague coming?
' I've already told you what the Lord said.
A major plague that's worse than the black death is coming.
But he said, 'If you know who you are and you know what this is, as communion, and you take this communion daily and you come up underneath him and sit at his feet, nothing shall by any means hurt you.
Nothing, not one thing.
' Why?
I'm not afraid of the terror by night, nor for the arrow that flieth by day, the pestilence that walks in darkness.
I'm not going to let that bother me.
Why?
Because I'm a king's kid and I come underneath that with covenant.
And I believe that he's a covenant-keeping God.
And greater is he that is in me than he that is in the world.
A thousand shall fall at my side and ten thousand at my right hand, but nothing shall come nigh me.
People say, 'Brandon, you're bold.
You say a lot of things on there.
' Why?
Because I'm already a dead man.
I'm not afraid.
I already know where I go.
I've already seen heaven.
My son knows.
The moment I take my last breath, I'll be standing before my friend.
He's my friend.
He visits me.
I want you to know it's not religion to me; it's relationship.
He is my friend.
Do I have everything right?
Do I get everything right all the time?
No.
That's called human humanity.
But in the midst of my failures and my mess-ups, grace is there.
Even whenever I mess up with prophetic stuff, I say, 'God, have mercy on me.
Forgive me.
I want to be more accurate.
Make me sharp like an arrow.
Make me sharper.
Help me.
I don't want to cause any confusion in the church.
' But folks, we all have sinned and come short of the glory.
We've all messed up.
But it's the moment you pick yourself up and say, 'Father, you're dealing with some flesh here.
And I thank you, Lord, that your grace is sufficient for me today.
' I'm just a human, just like you are, and I'm saved by grace just like you are.
And I put my pants on the same way you do, take a bath, got stinky armpits just like you do.
But I choose to follow a holy God that loves me and says, 'God, help me.
Help me.
' As I come across these people that have no idea that you're coming.
If you spend time with him daily, you'll find him.
Those that seek me will find me.
Those that knock, I'll open the door.
And I truly believe right now we're at a place where you need to be knocking and seeking him like never before.
So let's pray...
we're just going to jump right in this river here, and we're going to take communion together and we're going to pray over our troops.
We'll just pray, but I'm not going to pray the news.
We're going to pray this in the spirit and if he shows us something new tonight, fine.
I don't use him; he uses me.
I don't control the gift.
If there's a vision that comes and God wants to show me something to warn the people, then fine.
We're not here to perform.
This isn't about Brandon.
It's not a Brandon show.
It's not a performance.
This is about Jesus and it's about him, and he gets all the glory, all the honor, and all the praise, and will continue to do so.
And if he's finished using me, I'll ride away into the sunset.
It never was about me in the first place.
It was always about giving him the glory and always giving him the honor.
If it draws too much attention to me, you're in trouble.
He will share his glory with no one.
You need to understand this for what's coming.
Never take the miracles for granted and never take the glory for anything.
You did nothing; you're just a vessel.
He could have used anyone watching me right now, but he used me today.
Will he use me again?
I don't know; I pray he does.
I'm here if he wants to, but I always give him the glory.
I'm just a vessel.
Do you understand?
I have a treasure in an earthen vessel that the excellency of the power is known of him and not of me.
It's not about Brandon.
There are a lot of people wanting to show all these Instagram posts and all this stuff.
Social media is trash.
Let's give God praise tonight.
I believe as we do that and he gets the glory, we attract and deflect, and we always tell the people, he'll use you more and more because he can trust you.
Father, I thank you Lord for the body.
I thank you Lord for all that you've done for us.
We yield to you.
We yield to the anointing.
I yield to the anointing of the prophetic.
I yield to the anointing of the watchman.
And Father, if there's anything that I can help you with tonight, I'm here.
If there's not, Lord, then we'll just pray and give you more glory and praise and honor and we'll close this thing off.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that I'll not do anything unless I hear you and what you want me to do.
I've always said we yield to you.
Just like William Seymour put the box on his head.
You say, "Brandon, find your box.
What is the box?
What is it that I have for you to do?
Find your box.
" Just like William Seymour.
Until Seymour found that box, Lord, you said the glory didn't come in the Azusa street mission.
So, I find my box.
All the glory, honor, and praise, Father.
We take this body in the name of Jesus.
And we thank you, Lord, that by your stripes we're healed.
We thank you, Lord, that we don't have to have sickness in our bodies anymore.
According to Galatians 3, Christ redeemed me from the curse of the law.
And I thank you, Father, for your healing power that flows on the inside of us and we receive it.
And there's an expiration date right now for every one of your infirmities in your body.
You say, "Well, Brandon, I need this and this and this.
" There's an expiration date for it, and today is your day of turnaround.
I believe that with you.
Why not today?
The Lord said to me, "Why always believe for tomorrow?
Why not believe for now?
Believe for now.
Stay in the place of now.
" Now faith is the substance of things hoped for and evidence of things not seen.
Now faith is not tomorrow.
Now faith is: I believe I receive everything you have for me and I lack no good thing, and we take this body in the name of Jesus.
Amen and amen.
The joy of the Lord is our strength.
We take the blood and we apply the blood and we make much of the blood, and the blood makes much of us.
We apply the blood over us, Father, and we decrease and you increase.
Forgive us of our sins.
Forgive us of where we've messed up today.
And we thank you, Lord, that we're not sin conscious; we're grace conscious.
We're so grateful for what you did.
But I always come before your throne boldly by the blood.
And I come before you and say, "Father, thank you for what you did for me.
" And I take this right now in Jesus name.
And I apply it over this atmosphere, over my house, over my children, over my wife, over my finances, over my dogs, over my car.
Thank you, Lord.
Father, I thank you, Lord.
I thank you, Lord.
Uninterrupted and unhindered by any satanic or demonic force.
I apply the blood of Jesus and thank you Lord that Uriel is here, my big angel to protect with the swords and shields up, ready to defend in the name of Jesus.
Amen and amen.
Well, praise the Lord.
Now, no demonic spirit is going to bother me.
Why?
Because I'm underneath his covering right now.
I'm underneath those wings.
He that dwells in the secret place of the most high shall abide under the shadow of the almighty.
I will say of the Lord, "He is my refuge and my fortress.
My God, in him will I trust.
" Thank you.
I trust you.
I got my lemon water tonight.
I'm excited over this week now.
I'm down five pounds.
All glory to God.
Five pounds today.
It's a start.
As I told Sister Billy, I said, "It's a start.
" She said, "Brandon, it's a start.
" I said, "Yeah, you got to start somewhere.
Five pounds.
" It keeps coming.
Some things that are good for you don't taste good.
Doesn't it?
Father, we just give you praise and glory.
We sit at your feet, Father, and we just worship you.
What's on your heart today, Lord, right now?
We glorify your name in all the earth.
We glorify your name.
We magnify your name.
Holy, holy, holy.
Holy, holy are you, Lord.
I can sing that one song, Father.
We can go in that worship direction.
I love that song.
We can sing it real low.
I'll turn it down so it's not so loud tonight.
This is Kim Clement.
"Spirit come as I lift my hands to you, Holy Spirit.
Come as I lift my soul to you.
" As I lift my soul to you, I can feel your spirit.
As I lift my hands to you as I sing my song to you.
I can feel your spirit as I lift my hands to you.
As I sing my song to you, I can feel your spirit.
As I lift my hands to you.
I can feel your spirit this morning with the spirit of God.
We want you to come.
As I lift my soul to you, I want you to sing with me.
I feel as I lift my hands to you, deep calling unto deep.
I want you to lift your hands up.
I want you to lift your voice up.
Won't you give him praise today?
Yes.
'Cause there's only one Lord.
There's only one God that we know who he is.
Would you lift your voice and say his name?
Jehovah God.
Come on.
Lift your hands and praise him.
Everybody in the house say his name.
I want you to say his name.
Oh yes.
You are the lion, the great I am.
You are the great I am in the house.
One more time.
Okay.
This is what I see.
For he has slain his thousands, and Marco Rubio has tens of thousands.
Concerning the next term, the echo of this, concerning this assault, concerning the new David, concerning the one that God would raise up to take the baton.
For the deep state interferes with the one.
There's darkness in the heart of a hardhearted man concerning the next chapter of what I want to call Rubio.
Pray for the strength for Rubio, for he has slain his tens of thousands.
I see concerning Cuba and Mexico in the days ahead and the cartel specifically assigned to this, a great task like it would be to go out and conquer, assigned by Trump for Cuba and Mexico, Venezuela, the South American people, to raise up a man of great integrity, to raise up a man after my own heart, not a woman that is a Jezebel, to bring in a new great leader of peace and a man of war.
I can see him moving out like a David going through and doing his thing like David.
But it will take great prayer for one that is split personality, one that would have a split personality, is two-faced.
A chameleon would try to sabotage.
Roto would try to sabotage.
I see the eyes of the chameleon.
I see the eyes of the gecko.
You say, Is it reptilian?
No, it's reparable.
It's able to have a forked tongue.
This tongue.
We pray for President Trump to finish his term.
And pray for the Afro-American man in Florida.
You know the one with the beard, the heavy guy.
He's a Republican, conservative, real good.
He has a beard.
Pray for this man, Brian.
Brian, pray for him.
There's polishing that's taking place if he will yield to it.
For a greater position.
A maturing process.
The next step, preparing him for greater roles in the days ahead.
The Lord says, Not quite ready for this, but ready for this.
And this will be the next phase of a transition for this man.
And then it will be another greater position ahead.
But I see this transition is coming.
If he will yield to his hand, promotion will come to the humble.
So much pressure on Rubio, it would almost cause him to crumble because of the vast responsibility on his shoulders.
But my hand will be upon him and it will be like he's slaying his tens of thousands versus the thousands.
And whenever it's mirrored in the time ahead, the accomplishments of one man versus the other that just rode alongside one.
One will look like a warrior and a great leader and one will look like a tailgater.
When you ride on somebody's coat strings, you're not a tailgater.
Like when you tailgate.
When you are basically riding in somebody's downdraft and you're catching the draft in front of them, you're allowing them to break the waves and the ice and you're just kind of coasting, waiting for your time.
Not much accomplished, not doing much other than just being a yes man versus this David that slew his ten thousands versus the thousands.
But jealousy will set in the heart as competition between the two will be even greater.
I see it so clear.
One will try to take credit for the partial economy concerning crypto in particular, but this was already in works before.
I see Don.
I see Eric.
Great cultivation here, working the ground very hard.
This is why you'll see a doubling and a tripling.
This is my hand of restoration.
For what the enemy had desired to destroy, I will restore back.
He's going to restore back like Job.
The Lord said, Of course I see, Lord.
But you get my point.
Not quite like Job.
Job went through a lot.
A reveal.
A divine reveal.
A divine flow.
Now he said, Pray into the midterm for the political theater that is about to be uncovered at a greater scale.
With the anti-Semitism.
I'm in Cuba right now and I'm praying over all that's going on in Cuba.
And I see the mountains.
Havana, I see Havana really big.
It will affect Haiti and the gang boards there.
I see Haiti reporting.
I see great blackouts over their power grid.
An uprising.
We pray over Venezuela's oil and the attack that is planned to come against the oil.
I see the derricks blowing up.
I see fire on the derrick.
I see retaliation.
I see the drug lords coming against the oil.
I pray over our marines on the ground.
I pray over our troops on the ground like mercenaries.
I pray over our people for a planned assault, a planned attack from the west, a planned attack from the east, a planned attack all simultaneously.
I see a planned attack.
I see mounting, a bolstering.
The Russians, the Russians, the Russians.
The mount from the north.
The plan.
The plan for World War.
Russia, China, and North Korea, a plan that you don't understand.
And it's with Turkey.
They're weighing their decisions in the balance.
A strategic plan, finding allies.
I see Kim is one that takes the charge.
When you say Kim Jong-un for what they've agreed on, Russia, Putin, and Kim.
It's what they've agreed on behind closed doors that no one knows.
I see it in the night sky.
Our B2 bombers, the stealths.
I see the stealths traveling in the night sky.
I'm seeing something.
It's about this moon.
Every planned attack on our bases with our men and women.
What in the world is that?
It's like tunnels.
They're moving something in a tunnel.
It's on railroad cars, like train tracks.
They're moving this secret weapon underneath the ground in Iran, and it's on railroad cars like the tracks and it's a flatbed thing.
And I see this cave and part of it has water in it.
There's some kind of thing that looks like a boxcar that's been cut off.
That is a wooden boxcar that's cut off.
That is a flatbed on railroad tracks coming underneath the ground.
And this is a cave.
It goes for a long distance.
There's drums.
There looks like electric something.
It looks like a transformer on an electric grid on a pole.
There's two of them side by side.
I see them and they're on a cart.
I see men with black berets on their head with masks.
They have green camouflage uniforms on and they have red patch things on their shoulders.
I see these men and they have AKs in their hands and they're guarding these things through these tunnels for a surprise something.
They're trying to get it closer.
They're moving it closer to Israel.
See, help me to see beyond it, Lord.
What is that?
It's coming out of a mountain.
It's a facility in the side of a mountain.
I see Jordan highlighted before me.
In this I see Egypt.
I see Egypt over and this is something to do with Egypt and great ties still to Iraq.
What is this?
Holy Spirit, we just worship you.
Holy Spirit, this is your house.
You will not be grieved, quenched, or offended.
Holy Spirit, Holy Spirit, Holy Spirit.
This is your house.
You will not be unquenched or offended.
You will not be grieved or quenched or offended.
Holy Spirit.
This is your house.
They're taking these weapons somewhere.
It's another base, but they're all connected.
I see a base up here and there's too much attention on it.
So, they're taking these weapons of mass destruction and they're on railroad cars going to a secret base over here and there's another base over here and they're bringing that stuff too.
So, they want these missiles and they want these biological things coming underneath the ground and it's a railroad underground and they're trying to salvage the weapons of mass destruction, these weapons of great war.
They're trying to bring it so they can regroup.
They're regrouping and they're bringing them to this one location.
And I see it closer to Israel.
It's moving over here and moving over here and it's closer to the water.
This is like a long stretch of ground tunnels that would go for 100 miles or more.
It's a network of tunnels and they're under the ground of Iran.
Some are more stable because of the terrain than others.
I hear the Lord say some are stronger than others.
And this is the same thing that tries to happen under the ground of Israel.
These tunnels, Hamas and them, they do the tunnels.
This is the same kind of stuff they're doing over here.
But these are big tunnels with train tracks, so they don't be seen up top.
It's like an ant den, the ant dens have trails all throughout.
That trail goes clear over here.
They're moving through these tunnels right now as they're war in their soil.
So they can't be seen.
They're moving in these tunnels right now as we speak, as fast as they can to supply because their stuff has been damaged and they're pulling from this, and there's a base underground that they're getting their supplies from.
There is a hidden base underground that you can't see and there's no evidence from up top.
So, they're coming and they're getting their supply and they're bringing it out through railroads.
And this is where the yellow liquids is hiding.
This is where the yellow liquids is.
Mustard gas.
And it's like anthrax.
This is biological, getting for what the Lord said, they're getting ready for their real retaliatory attack.
They haven't done their defensive or this is not offensive.
This should be a defensive attack.
What they're trying to do, this is what I see.
It's like a storage facility deep under the ground, and it's encased in concrete somehow.
It looks like a bunker, like a nuclear bunker, like what Jeff Bezos and all them have.
It looks like a bunker.
All hidden things be revealed to our secret intelligence.
All hidden things be revealed.
An exposing of darkness.
An exposing of the darkness in the name of Jesus.
A revealing to our intelligence.
To our people.
Expose this darkness.
Expose these tunnels.
Expose the biological weapons.
Expose the biological warfare.
Not one will be touched.
Not one will be hurt.
I see this.
What happened today is like we stuck our stick in an ant den and we stirred it up.
You see on top of the surface all the ants flurrying around.
But what's going on down underneath the soil?
That's what's going on right now.
Just because you stir the top of the mound and they start coming up doesn't mean you messed with what's down in the ground.
And what we need to get is what's in the ground.
We need our men and women with our bunker busters and things to know where these things are located by the spirit of God and exposing of the darkness of these caverns under the ground for weapons of mass destruction.
Things that are patched very dark.
They're barrels.
And I'm telling you, weapons that have been given to them by other nations for a greater retaliation and their rockets to have payload with for biological.
They're rockets for payload, not with explosive, but with payload with biological things that can withstand heat.
I hear things that can withstand heat.
All right.
I'm seeing a lot of dark things.
I call for exposing.
I call for an exposing.
I call that exposed.
That they will not get that out of the ground and they will not use it against any of our boats, against any of Israel.
It will not be used.
We will defuse.
We call a diffusing.
We call a diffusing in the name of Jesus.
And I pray you're praying with me because this is not entertainment for you right now.
This is prayer.
We're praying this seriously.
What I see right now is serious.
Very, very serious.
And this is going to involve Europe.
We pray over Jordan.
Lord, we thank you, Lord.
I pray over Israel's intelligence.
I pray over American intelligence.
And I thank you, Father, that the hand of the Lord would rid us of weapons of mass destruction concerning this.
And that there will be a great revival spring forth.
I call in this, with all of this anti-Jewish things that I see in the days ahead for the persecution, for all this anti-semitism.
It's like a Hitler spirit that would try to be released upon the world.
It will be so much so that you'll see who's for and who's not, who stands with Israel and who's not.
And the nations will rise against her.
And Ezekiel 38 and 39 will come out of this.
And the hand of the Lord will be shown strong in behalf of the Jewish people of Israel, the apple of the Lord's eye.
Watch what happens in the days ahead.
You'll see so much of this separation, replacement theology.
All this garbage.
You're going to see a great anti-semitism rise up.
But you'll see God come and defend the people of Israel.
You'll hear great people speak out.
There will be even greater people speaking out with huge platforms in the days ahead.
And they'll look seemingly alone with great persecution.
And it will look like there's enemies upon all sides.
Do you remember when I said I saw them rejoicing in the streets because the Lord became real to them in this generation?
You're going to see a people that have never seen the great God Jehovah defend him like he did the children of Israel coming out of Egypt.
Watch what God's about to do.
He's into signs.
And you're about to see a major sign.
Remember this.
You're about to see a major sign.
Was it the rider and the chariots that were cast into the sea?
What were they saying?
The writer.
It was when the children of Israel, Moses and the Israelites, sang this song to God, giving voice together.
I am singing my heart out to God.
What a victory.
He pitched his horses and riders into the sea.
God is my strength.
God is my song.
And yes, God is my salvation.
This is the kind of God I have and I am telling the world this is the God of my father.
I'm spreading the news far and wide.
God is a fighter.
Pure God through and through.
Pharaoh's chariots and armies he dumped in the sea.
It's a modern-day Exodus.
It's a modern-day miracle, signs, and wonders.
God's going to be into the signs.
Watch what he does.
The signs.
End time signs.
You're good, son.
Don't worry about it.
You did good.
That was it.
Is it Exodus?
I told you it's what they said, it's what I'm hearing.
Don't worry about it.
That's it.
Thank you Lord.
A sign.
Oh father, we thank you Lord for the signs.
We thank you for the signs of the times where we are in these last days.
Father, I thank you that you deliver our nation from the enemy within, the Red Dawn experience, D-Day, all the things that I've seen with the chatter and the men that have come across from our borders.
I thank you that every single one of them are exposed, every single one of them are brought to justice.
That there's no rock they can hide under.
There's no cave they can hide in.
That every place, every plan, every pursuit, every kind of demonic attack that they would try to destroy our nation in any way, we thank you, Lord, that you're exposing them and bringing them to justice right now.
There's confusion in the enemy's camp.
From sea to sea, there's confusion in the enemy's camp.
The hidden cells in this nation.
Oh, I see a serpent's head.
I see a snake that has a boot on it.
A boot like a foot, something squashing it, and it raises up out of this boot and strikes.
It's a venomous viper and it's underneath this thing and it's being squashed, but it reaches up out of the side of what's being held down and it strikes, trying to strike a lethal blow with a poisonous bite.
This viper looks like it has red eyes.
This viper is transparent.
It doesn't have any structure; it's invisible but you can see the black lines.
How I know it's invisible is it has no color to it other than you would know it has red eyes.
You can see the black pencil lines; it's transparent, it comes up and bites onto this boot, and it looks like what you would see in a military boot.
One of those combat boots; it comes up and bites the top of it with a poisonous bite because it's underneath the boot and it comes up and latches on.
Don't underestimate your enemy.
Don't, just because you have a boot on it, don't underestimate it as it's under your boot.
It's still alive.
Don't underestimate the snake, the poisonous snake.
It may look like you've squashed it.
Some things will not be stopped.
It's just like 9/11 wasn't stopped, Oklahoma City wasn't stopped, Charlie Kirk wasn't stopped.
The part of it when he said the church will come underneath the olive press.
An olive press will press new oil out of the church.
A revival will come forth from an olive press.
It doesn't have to affect you.
It doesn't have to shake you because you're already awake.
But the vast majority of the church, he says, is asleep.
One last call.
This is his cry.
All that you see around you, one last call.
And this isn't even the beginning of the earthquakes and stuff.
You haven't seen it yet.
The volcanoes and the things, trouble in the water.
Trouble in the water with the volcanoes in the water with the fish dying.
Oral Roberts vision from 2004, the wakeup call 22 years ago.
So many shaking, so much awakening, and the church is still asleep.
For the acceleration of desperate times brings desperate measures.
Shake, shake, shake.
Wake the church.
Shake.
Wake up the bride to bring her to the side.
Thank you, Father.
They're coming in hot.
Will you be ready to receive the people?
Because they're going to be looking for people that are leaders in these last days.
I hear the spirit of the Lord say, "Will you be ready, church?
You that are awake, they're coming in hot like a fastball.
Catch your mitt.
They're coming in hot.
What will you do with the people that come in?
Be patient with the babies.
Be patient with all these babies that are coming.
They're going to be coming in quickly.
Major events will take place to shake this nation.
And when this nation is shaken, the people will come in from everywhere, in droves.
You think what church was like the day after 9/11 was something?
Watch what's about to take place.
Are you ready for this great race?
Are you ready for all these people that are coming?
I hear the Lord say the nations will be shaken.
It's not just about America, but will you be ready for all the vast souls, for all these people that are looking for somebody who has some stability, that has that backbone that they can look to and say, "Do you have the answers for all that's going on right now?
We just need some comfort.
Give me some hope.
Somebody has to have something.
" The harvest is plentiful and the laborers are few.
And I'm telling you, he's going to use whoever will just say yes.
It's ripe and they're about to come in, and there'll be so much of it, so many of them, so much of it that you'll have an opportunity to be overwhelmed because of how many people are looking for some answers.
God has raised you up for such a time as this.
Have we been called to the kingdom for such a time as this?
It's time.
Are you going to be a modern-day Esther?
Are you going to be a modern-day David?
Are you going to be a modern-day Hannah, and the ones that God, the Joshua?
Who will you be?
Will you be on the Lord's side?
I'm on the Lord's side.
The church's greatest hour.
The church's greatest hour is at hand.
But it don't come out of flowers and roses.
I'm going to tell you this.
It won't come out of flowers and roses.
We're having a picnic?
No, it's going to come out of great pressure.
It will look like darkness and hell all around us.
And you're going to be the one that says, "Come unto me.
I've got the answer because Jesus is inside of me.
" Right?
We attract to deflect.
Silver and gold have I none, but such as I have give I thee.
Give in the name of Jesus.
Rise and walk.
It's to deflect him.
You need him.
Not me.
Him.
I'm telling you, all 8,100 of you that are watching right now, that's who's really here right now as we talk, 8,300.
I pray with all my heart, your lamp is full.
I pray with all my heart you're sitting at his throne every day spending time with him.
Will you be a vessel that he can use in these last days?
For whenever all these things are starting to manifest, will you be that person that the people can find and say, "Can you just pray for me?
" I'm saying be patient with the babies for they're coming.
I love his presence like this.
I feel it.
My whole house is filled.
I feel the glory of the Lord.
I feel the glory.
Will you be ready?
You say, "What is the event?
" I can't tell you.
He that has ears to hear, let him hear.
He'll show you.
It's more than one thing.
It's going to shake the nations.
Oral Roberts tried to warn everybody.
He talked about it and most people just kind of poo-pooed it or whatever, and just, well, it's been 22 years, brother.
You know, I don't know.
That old guy probably didn't see nothing.
But just because you didn't see it when you thought it was supposed to happen doesn't mean it's not going to happen.
I truly believe he saw something and he heard something.
The Lord reminds me of it again.
These events, it's time for the preachers.
It's time for the church to preach fire and repentance back in the pulpits.
Bring repentance back into the church, holiness back into the church, and tell the people Jesus Christ is coming.
You're running out of time, and I will not have your blood on my hands.
I stand before him and say, Father, I tell I did everything I could to warn him.
Your blood won't be on my hands.
I warned you.
How many times?
Even if this was my last time on YouTube, I warned you.
You must get your heart right before Jesus.
Repent before a holy God.
He loves you, so Jesus Christ died for you to live a victorious life.
He wants so badly for you to know him, to be born again.
The glory is here.
Jesus.
There's just something about your name.
Touch them right where they are right now.
Become so real to them tonight.
I need you to hear that.
I see what would be like an Amber Alert on all the phones hitting the nation.
I hear the phones ringing.
It's like what you would call an Amber Alert throughout the nation on your phones.
It will happen.
But this is not an Amber Alert.
It's the same noise.
It's on your phones.
It's a warning.
There's a noise that is coming on the phones.
That's a warning.
It will sound from coast to coast.
Emergency alert.
I hear it, and everyone's phone from all across the United States will ring with an alert.
I see emergency.
This is very serious.
This will not be a false alarm.
I hear this will not be a false alarm.
You'll remember this day when I've told you so.
That I told you it was coming.
This will not be a false alarm.
It will hit the airways from coast to coast and it will be an alarm upon your phones.
Emergency alert.
I see it and I feel it.
Lord said this happened in Hawaii once.
You've been protected and you've been shielded, and nothing has ever happened on your soil like this.
A shaking to awaken, church, in a 24-hour period.
Everything will change.
Everything that you know will change.
I see mass migration again.
People leaving the east.
I see mass migration of people leaving and coming south.
Leaving everything they have just to clothes on their back.
I see them with their animals.
I see them with just a couple little things, their medication or whatever, and they're leaving for some reason.
A revival will come out of it.
I see revival.
I see churches full of people again.
I see buildings, glory domes.
Oh, Father, we thank you, Lord.
I plead the blood over the vision that you're showing me right now.
That is disturbing.
And the flesh, your flesh don't like to see stuff like that.
But I tell you, the church will wake up.
I see it, even the same little white...
Praise the Lord.
I see people having gardens.
You say, Well, people already have gardens, Brennan.
No, it's almost like it would be a thing.
I see people having gardens and it's hot.
I see tomato plants just in your flower bed.
Everything is going to change.
I don't know who you're listening to.
Stop listening to people trying to tickle your ears.
Get a backbone.
Know who you are.
Know what the Bible says.
We're in the last of the last days.
But we're a church that is not retreating.
We're going to bring in the harvest.
So much sugar-coated words and so many seeker-friendly.
They'll be held accountable.
But I will not have your blood on my hands.
I've warned you: shaking to awaken.
But you'll be a church that goes to an all-pressure, and you're going to have the glory on you.
The glorious church without spot or wrinkle.
A bride that's brought to his side.
A glory of the Lord risen on you to save that which was lost doing the Great Commission.
Do you understand?
There's billions of people that don't know Jesus Christ.
Billions of them.
Oh, that anointing is lifting off of me now.
So, I'm not going to talk anymore because it's not Brandon Biggs.
When I hear him and he's on there and I feel that cloak on me, I say what he says.
But when I start feeling it lift, I don't want no flesh involved.
We're not here to entertain like that.
So, I feel that glory.
I feel that start to dissipate.
It's like a mist.
They're saying 24 hours from now.
He said 24-hour period.
In a 24-hour period.
Yes.
Not 24 hours from now.
In a 24-hour period, everything will change.
You'll wake up and you're going to watch the news and it's going to shake everybody and you're going to go, it's a shock and awe.
And I can tell you what it feels like outside.
It's a warm day.
It's not a cold day.
I don't feel winter.
It's warm outside.
It feels like summer.
Could be early fall of a time frame.
Do I know the year?
No, I do not.
But as I pray into this, I see a shaking.
I feel even the way the sun is shining on the buildings.
If I could go into great detail on this on a live stream, I would.
But I cannot.
I have too many ears and I don't know who's watching.
There's 8,600 people.
That's why not everybody is a mature believer.
So, I give what I feel allowed to give.
All I know is to tell you is to be ready and be ready for the people that are going to desperately need leadership.
Have your lamp full of oil.
Seek Jesus daily, not just on Sunday.
Have an intimate relationship with him.
But the mass migration is really wild to watch.
I see these people leaving and going places and you go, what would freak people out so bad that they would leave their house, their furniture, their stuff and have just the clothes on their back and their dog or their cat and their children and just a little bit of stuff to leave.
The sound of the phone, it was ringing on my desk right here.
I could...
that's how I could hear it in the spirit.
As I said, it was so real when I'm in the spirit realm like that.
I can hear the alert going off on my phone and my son's phone.
It was like an Amber Alert.
But as I was in the spirit, I could hear them.
So I was taken above and I could see in all the households across America and everybody was looking at their phones.
Do you remember, it's similar to the movie Greenland when Gerard Butler's phone was going off and everybody got a message, but the only person who got the message was the one that was being summoned by the government to go to the bunker.
It's like that and everybody's phones doing that, and all of a sudden you go, Did you get the message?
No, I didn't get the message.
What the message for?
It said to go to this place cause you had a specialty.
I'm not trying to be spooky, but this was everybody's phone warning.
Like, and the Lord said, like Hawaii.
Y'all, the responsibility that I, me sitting on this side of the camera talking to you is so vast, making sure I give exactly what he wants me to give you and not hold anything back out of feeling the pressure of it, being watchful over what I hear and what I say, because there's certain things that he said he didn't want me to relay.
But me, I'd just be the one that would just go and dump it, but he says learn to refrain yourself.
And things that I'm telling you on some of the things, it's not time to deliver that.
And I say yes, it's learning that he can trust me, and then say don't say that yet.
I say yes Lord, because he knows when it's time and when people will have ears to hear it.
I'm just a vessel.
You don't question Almighty.
I just said, Yes, Lord, forgive me.
It's immaturity on my part.
But if I hear something twice and he says it once, the anointing's on me in here.
I hear bits and pieces and he said, Repeat this now.
And I say, Okay.
So, I'm learning to give it when he says it, but I'm learning even whenever I have my own private time, he shows me a lot of things and I've been quiet because he says, Be still.
And I say, Yes.
And Braden will write it down and help me with Diana and he is my scribe is what I call you.
He is a good boy.
Good man.
Now, I say you are no boy.
You are a man.
But we love you.
We truly do.
And we are so thankful that you came out tonight and prayed with us.
But within a 24-hour period, everything that you have ever known will change.
Not in 24 hours from now.
I have to say that because there are so many people that try to find, well, see, I looked for 24 and nothing happened, Braden.
No, I said within a 24-hour period; I have to learn to talk a little better.
Did that make it clear?
Yeah.
Okay.
The presence of the Lord is so strong in here.
It is so beautiful.
Braden, when he fills our room like that, who am I?
And then Braden, you just sit there and we talk and he just talks, and it is like I can feel it so strong when we are praying for the nations.
Just go, Wow, Lord, the glory of the Lord.
I need to use the bathroom.
So, I have to end it.
It is 2 hours and 8 minutes.
And I have been drinking a ton of water.
I know it is too much information, but I am just being real with you all.
And so I appreciate every single one of you coming out, but I have to get this weight down.
I am mandated by the Holy Ghost.
There are things that I have to do, and you cannot do it being Shamu.
You cannot be Shamu and do what God has called you to do.
That kind of rhymes, does it not?
Yeah.
Put it on a t-shirt.
No, you have to get rid of it.
Take care of your flesh.
Your flesh does not like it.
But ever since I just made the decision, I am hearing him even clearer.
The anointing is coming on me stronger when I said yes.
I will drink lemon water and no more of my stuff that I like.
You know the whale?
What was the whale?
Remember the whale?
He went and jumped.
He smiled.
It is a sea lion.
Oh yeah.
That is gross.
We like to have fun.
We enjoy life.
There is a heaviness to it, but what you are giving it are the words and stuff, but we just like to enjoy life, you all.
And know that life is for fun.
God gave a life and life more abundantly to enjoy it in these last days.
It is not all doom and gloom.
What I try to tell you all is that if you are awake and you are in the cleft of that rock, this is not shaking for you.
You already know what is coming.
You are going to be the one that is ready to receive the people coming.
The bells are ringing.
The church bells are ringing.
There are storm clouds all around.
But the glorious church is rising.
And you are going to see things that you never thought you would see.
You dreamed it, but the power of God is coming in services.
That is what I told my friend Billy Burke.
I said, The Lord is about to increase the anointing on your services by double.
And it is going to be it because he already has a foundation and he is all cultivated with him.
Watch what Let me tell you this.
Watch what God does with Billy Burke in the next couple of months going into this time.
I love his response to that.
But I am telling you, watch what God does with Billy Burke.
The anointing is about to double.
I saw it so strong that people will be crawling out of hotel casinos trying to get away from the glory.
Watch what happens.
There are people that I pray for a lot and I know that God likes them; if they take the time to help you, you pray for them.
And I am telling you, God is going to do massive things with people just because he loves them so much and he calls them friends.
He calls them friends.
I want the Lord to say, Braden, you are my friend, too.
You know, I want it so bad.
Lord, I want to be your friend.
He says to me, He is my friend.
I said, What is that like when the Lord defends you to people?
He says, He is my friend.
What is that?
Who cares?
But for Jesus to say, he is my friend.
There is no price for that.
Nobody can get it to sit with him.
Persecution comes.
People are just mean.
But my goodness, when Jesus calls you his friend, it is beautiful.
I watch Kathryn Kuhlman in the way she moves and she is so theatrical.
It seemed kind of weird sometimes, you know, but I know she was a friend.
I can smell the fragrance watching an old video.
When she said, Keep me as the apple of your eye.
I thought that seems so theatrical.
Like really?
But it is so real.
When he comes in here like he did tonight, the presence of the Lord fills my whole room.
This little room, just me, enough room for me, Diana over here, and Braden.
This tiny room.
And you sit there and you go, you know, and I pray so much that the presence of the Lord moves out of my house into through this camera somehow.
I said, I just experience just one moment like that where nothing else matters.
Somebody could say, Braden, I am going to write you a million-dollar check right now.
And as exciting as that would be, there is nothing that compares to the presence that you feel, that you just feel that peace and it just washes all that junk out of your life and the pressure of things, that peace passes understanding.
And when I step out of here, it lifts off of me and I go, Ah, until next time.
Until next time.
You pray there will be, but you just go, Oh.
But here very soon, we are going to be with him for eternity.
And there will not be a next time.
It will be forever when that glory, the glory of the Lord rest on you like that.
I know there is a place where you can probably live that way maybe.
I do not know anybody that does.
I try to find them where that glory is on like all the time.
I just do not ever want to disrespect it.
You do not want to disrespect it.
You want to honor it.
It is so holy, the glory.
Keep your eyes to the skies, ladies and gentlemen.
Be excited for where we are in these last days.
And we will be back.
Tomorrow is the first.
We have two days left until the blood moon.
What is going on with that, son?
They are all celebrating.
They are celebrating.
Show them.
They are celebrating the Alati Kamini.
Can you imagine being in that?
That is their 24 hours.
Everything changes.
That is theirs.
They had it today.
And everything will change in a 24-hour period.
They are all excited because I am so happy.
Now we pray for the right leadership.
So, well, praise the Lord.
That is cool, huh?
Yeah.
Is that neat?
I am excited about this.
I saw those B2 bomber stealths flying in the moon tonight.
When I was praying, I said, It was a full moon.
The full moon.
They were flying and they were glowing as they were doing something.
And I could see the moonlight shining on the black outline flying underneath the moon.
And I thought, what is that?
And when I was praying in the spirit, praying for this, what is that?
Is like a stock going up.
What is that?
They are saying it went up after the death.
Bitcoin.
Yeah.
Went up by 68,000 because of his death.
What does that have to do with anything?
I do not know.
Why did that make Bitcoin go up?
It would be like, what?
Why does that have to be?
What is the market?
Oh, yeah.
Well, we have to have a rally now.
I mean, it is so manipulated.
Is that crazy?
Yeah.
He is like, What is that, Braden?
I do not know.
Oh, yeah.
Looks like a good time to buy.
Yeah.
So dumb.
That is weird.
I do not know.
Let's celebrate.
Celebrate.
Oh my gosh.
These people.
People are so Wow.
Sheep.
I do not want to be a sheeple.
What?
I do not know what this is.
What is interesting is what is going on up top on the ground, but what I saw in the military underground tonight.
Isn't that interesting?
Yes.
So, well, we love you.
Put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much and we love you and we will see you again.
Bye-bye.